corbacho advanced having promotion with very special report with the dollar
Encouraged by television in this fourth season
well, I think we're going to have interesting eminents, we do not apply
see that Spain comes again very interesting we will see from
gastronomy
in some very creative and innovative sales that we were already
ever heard when we come to the fair and they kill at the bar door
but we have tdt goes from October to the games there is no bed
No the truth
reproduced to the games another barricade that acquires from atacama chile invites you
to stay sometimes as needed
during the typical meal as are the parties
as an activity
her so typical girlfriend and if it is regulated discover talents that do not
we knew that we had love what comes from here the cook does not know if it fits
that the experts worked the fair is a barbarity in three teams is
good
in Spanish as
an imminent preventive nuclear war of the channel who will also go to
accept the proposal that bilbao is very nervous personally in the
negotiations that appear on the list that you were afraid of losing the manganas
in this sense
The same thing is
how is that I can explain marisol
I feel strong that I'm scared but you feel like the Kanak
who can take away bitter drinks then to check many thanks to the
fair of all saints with in 2008 and all the equipment by television
ballack captain we are here since then tic
the fair of all saints colima 2008 that they will teach us they are busy zanetti
a few months of finance and we wanted to see if my friend soul and vicky
in their other life they were vendors, not the fair satisfies me the needs of the
external demand of pineapple at first we have to pour water
to the elderly
and then we have to start the sugar is solid and as for the
process the truth that you can if you keep doing this is the kind of anatomy
so I'm going to show you that it can be done and that in the end
pass
does not have the capacity for 40 m
you have to be learning small with more than 100 candy is already ready
since you read it is thrown into the water is ready
then and this always
restored and fast
the serious one by the way in it
In addition, avenue of candela
let's throw him out of this Thursday morning on the street
the cinnamon
tuc tuc tuc de batik ipad tiquipaya and
farm not being
we are going to throw cinnamon
that's why it feels a bit heavy like the times you are putting a little
difficult to wait but rather what you think and how are you burning the
little tables
but having taken
efe cha remembers
I want it to happen that you have to explain everything I know
can leave the city
The president d dry starts df government
candy and like any other dimension
Argentina wins tomorrow with its reckless
the program watching how they are consumed
amaya and caramel llanera want to work it
cook has
san felipe state yaracuy swim here we have already
so certain number of audience and seeing as soul has the domain
human talent
For couples
the roots you need, you have unfit or unfit talent
I would like to say thanks
good team the letter you sent this morning amount there a little bit that
I do not know this explosion very well but feeling like it's from the palm
the forward the sweet of the cpi
boy I do not want to know how is slightly huelva
it looks like a jalapeño pepper but black for example that he quoted that we have
a cantero proposed motoclubes chilacayote and biznaga
for example and profitable
in this street nayarit anfac deepening
quito the Irish actor has expanded
this position
to see how he has life after 45 the fourth normal
bara bara bara bara
and 40m the province
this how much is half a pound half kilo
well, nothing we take out for dinner to the sea you're cooking around 95 pesos
of our caraqueña gas which we are going to try to sell part or insane
nobody is going to have them commented
unless the problems of the medical prescriptions do not follow it
moving percent
we want to open our mouths
vélez there is still danger to the team
true that the prime minister present
according to the directive
I will try to move
in the night hours for energy
two hours of waiting
she believes that she continues to record the process of the bne sheng
Winning creme caramel vineyards will weigh you to the dimensions friend
the waiting time cristiam has been successful with the measurement piñana the planet
Well, as I told him
if I tell him that he will not be disappointed and if I tell him that he has been excited
this morning
good first part
pineapple larrea
take into account
suddenly the value we got to pay for TV
the pineapple nazca packet
this for me
the nest is not easy to do so there is a very traditional way of carrying it out
good afternoon finally let's try the needs pointed out
ayala indicated
short hot until the end of the day
It has been a success and many congratulations
get into the celtic itunes makes a final 15 minutes
ecarri maybe
illicit undertakes and maybe yes yes yes more
Thank you very much jose
nothing at all I know
would discard to ask there pi
this marin went out yesterday to
rahal contribute to see to lower them of the hair but we have eight outputs
is that you are about to find exits from the fair you know that
since then
to visit another post something like pancakes of natales seems active
religious and very comfortable I expect your extra effort